true was going on guys I haven't made a
video in the wild came down with the flu
takes a lot out of you I'm sure the guys
I've had had the flu before know how it
feels but I Mac making some videos I
want to get back on this uh Andre
Darrell and this Carl Froch and they are
Abraham and Jermain Taylor fight that
happened last weekend let's talk about
the Jermaine Taylor other Abraham other
here I wouldn't want to fight with
without that knockout and look who has
the best boxing skills Jermain Taylor
all that talent wasted wasted man I mean
Jermain Taylor another type of fighter
that will adjust in the middle fight you
see the jabs not working you see the jab
is getting blocked why are you
continually not mixing it up go to the
body go to the pit of the stomach make
him drop his hands didn't come up top do
submit some stuff up man you went over
cross these men and got embarrassed I
mean I know what your family members is
presented itself not again cuz you got
man you got probably the most almost
almost the most talented whole
tournament but to the weakest link
because you can't adjust your
conditioning pitiful it looked better
this this fight mainly because Arthur
Abraham didn't pressure from the get-go
and then if you would of did that you
probably have been sucking eggs around
seven six round you got a nice jab and
you got decent power that can that can
drop anybody in that in that division
but you're confident level is gone man
you like Zab Judah zap no hard Judith
you don't want to be compared to him the
reason why his Corral track is he don't
never want to leave the Bronx and go
somewhere else isolated cell phone his
friends and family to get a real trainer
to train him but enough about that man
is about do you mr. uh mr. Taylor I mean
up I'm just I'm just disappointed in you
bro because you got all that talent man
and it was just so easy to call it fight
because I know how you fight man I mean
I know your mind your mind set you know
you don't have that hunger like you had
when you first when you first before you
was middleweight champion you got
knocked out like Roy Jones in the man
you get knocked out like Roy Jones man
when your brain you get a concussion
because you can knock that with a
concussion man you've never the same
ever the same use easy for you get
another concussion so I would almost say
call it quits but if you don't want to
call it quits after knock out like that
your next fight and that tournament is
going to be a knockout once you leave
once the terms on with you pretty much
done bro unless you just want to be a
pinata for everybody to move up to super
middleweight they fight you first go and
get a knockout they say why would you
run Taylor get all their credentials
from you Arthur Abraham boxes kills not
that great um he his conditioning wasn't
that good eighth round man he was
sucking eggs but his heart he got a lot
of heart this is a guy with a non-round
zest Miranda with a broken jaw man his
heart carried it through that his duty
no would knock you out man the king king
author the NOC I was impressive me that
was it but I would really impressed with
all three of em just period because you
know Jermain Taylor man I mean to do
this literally blocking your jabs and
you still throwing him like the would
you waste him put mix it up plenty white
man let's get on his cross under the
realm a hundred hurry up man really man
I thought he won that fight hands down
cleanly I worked him out punched him I
wish they will show punch stats
punch that numbers and you know the
connect percentages and all that stuff
Carl Froch is looking for the one punch
you know he was chasing that at times
Darrell was running you know and then
sometime when the rails stood is granted
and stood there and fighting it was club
Frost was clearly outmatched and then
went in there there's times I don't know
if he was tired any when he wanted to
back up to get away you know he's tired
as his balance is all off they take a
point from on ginger ale man that's what
really got me you know you gonna take a
point away from him because he's holding
then you've got you've got a call from
an dirty fighter may hitting after the
break several times by by four times I
mean he hitting after the break hidden
behind your head uh hold you down and
you behind your head throw he didn't
kill me hey bully he made you look like
a little pump I'm every time he held him
he's like got me punk get over grep cool
shut up talking that trash in the press
conference talk about it's over with
sensing about my mama yeah you be
poaching he Punk's youtube or punky man
but he was he's looking for the one
punch man anyone doing nothing neither
man Carl Froch man his boxing skills is
pitiful pitiful man during a UH derailed
man he really got him i think that was
eleven round man lined him up had him
hurt should have been fighting the whole
fight man cuz i'm a firm believer that
you have to take it you have to take the
bell for somebody without a reasonable
doubt you can't just bitch you know it
can't be closed you got to take it from
even though i think he did beat him just
cleanly but he should have felt like it
was that live around the whole fight man
stop that run I'm sicka dead weight
running some time is I'm running man
fighting even though some people not fan
of running because you running you can't
take you can't take the fact the way
that he was out pointing I don't care
what anybody says dude getting
outpointed man you know yeah
of never was there was a couple of maybe
two times will confer on Scotty would
have good good punches man but he didn't
didn't hurt drill anyway man that's my
fault in that fight good luck to you
Jermaine whatever you do in your career
um I don't know what that what did what
you should do honestly the rail man I
thought you'd wanna come fri he's handed
anything they see he slid by you on that
one he ain't doing that in this
tournament either Froch II Carl Froch
anyway